Allow Root + Intermediate Key_Usage to be set (#30034)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/secret/pki/index.mdx

- `key_usage` `([]string: CRL,CertSign)` - This list of key usages will be added
  to the existing set of key usages, CRL,CertSign, on the generated certificate.

>   Per the CAB Forum, the only acceptable additional value is `DigitalSignature`,
>   other values will be ignored.  To get a certificate with additional key_usages,
>   first add those key_usage to the CSR, then use use_csr_values instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Per the CAB Forum, Vault ignores secondary values other than `DigitalSignature`.
  To get a certificate with additional `key_usage` vaules, add the desired values to 
  the CSR then set `use_csr_values` with the primary value.
```
Style correction: write in active voice, make subject/object explicit

- `key_usage` `([]string: CRL,CertSign)` - This list of key usages will be added
  to the existing set of key usages, CRL,CertSign, on the generated certificate.

>   Per the CAB Forum, the only acceptable additional value is `DigitalSignature`,
>   other values will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Per the CAB Forum, Vault ignores additional values other than `DigitalSignature`.
```
Style correction: write in active voice
